README.md, before:

# react-js-tooltips DEMO application

A demo React application showcasing the functionality of the [react-js-tooltips](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-js-tooltips) package.

## Prerequisites

Make sure you have the following installed on your system:
- Node.js (version 14 or higher)
- npm or yarn package manager
- React 17 or higher

## Installation

1. Clone or download this repository
2. Navigate to the project directory:
   ```bash
   cd react-js-tooltips-demo
   ```

3. Install the dependencies:
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```
   
   Or if you're using yarn:
   ```bash
   yarn install
   ```

## Running the Application

To start the development server:

```bash
npm start
```

Or with yarn:
```bash
yarn start
```

The application will open in your browser at [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000).

## Building for Production

To build the app for production:

```bash
npm run build
```

Or with yarn:
```bash
yarn run build
```

This will create a `build` folder with optimized production files.

## About

This demo application demonstrates various tooltip implementations using the [`react-js-tooltips`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-js-tooltips).

Commit message:

Update package.json and README

README.md, after:

# react-js-tooltips DEMO application

A demo React application showcasing the functionality of the [react-js-tooltips](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-js-tooltips) package.

## Prerequisites

Make sure you have the following installed on your system:
- Node.js (version 14 or higher)
- npm or yarn package manager
- React 17 or higher

## Installation

1. Clone or download this repository
2. Navigate to the project directory:
   ```bash
   cd react-js-tooltips-demo
   ```

3. Install the dependencies:
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

## Running the Application

To start the development server:

```bash
npm start
```

The application will open in your browser at [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000).

## Building for Production

To build the app for production:

```bash
npm run build
```

This will create a `build` folder with optimized production files.

## Deployment to GitHub Pages

To deploy this application to GitHub Pages:

1. Make sure the `homepage` field in `package.json` is set correctly:
   ```json
   "homepage": "https://egorlitsky.github.io/react-js-tooltips-demo"
   ```

2. Deploy using the built-in script:
   ```bash
   npm run deploy
   ```

This will build the app and push it to the `gh-pages` branch of your repository.

## About

This demo application demonstrates various tooltip implementations using the [`react-js-tooltips`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-js-tooltips).
